Add fetching the contents to the SPEC (#5)
ipfs-shipyard/cohosting: SPEC.md

   /ipfs/Qmd41WqbCsfTx4wJvP6vvv3hHb46bEHG1hC6Kqt7mhGQUR
   ```

> 4. Fetch all the contents of the CID to the repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Ensure contents are in the local repo (below command will fetch missing blocks in the background)
```
